Initial Board Meeting
=====================

Feb 3, 2017
2:05-3:02 pm EST
In attendance: Andrew, Peter, Matt, Naval, Rainey

Minutes
-------

2. Incorporation

- Board agreed to approve bylaws.

- Try to be a charitable nonprofit?
Board  a strategy to go for 501c3 and revert to 501c6 if that fails.

- Officers

Secretary: Peter
President / Treasurer: Andrew

- Andrew plans to schedule a weekly office-hours hangout.
  Peter plans to attend frequently; digest in email if board-important issues discussed

- Reminder to Please send conflict of interest forms

3. Funding report, plans for how to handle it:

- Board agreed to a broad strategy of folding funds primarily in Zcash (we’re less relevant if Zcash value crashes)
  Some in dollars for bare minimum of near/medium term expenses.
  
- Operational: possibly a multi-sig scheme where 5 of directors should hold key shards, policy to be determined. 3 of 5 to sign? 

- We begin with donation pledges of portions of the Founder's Reward, the largest of which comes from Least Authority

- Board agreed to prefer a 1-time permanent transfer of rights rather than month-to-month

4. Priorities, ideas.

- Community development, diversity
- Communication platforms to hear stakeholders and actively encourage their participation. e.g. Miners, mining pools
- Development funds, bug bounties, fellowships

5. Future of governance process.

Start with no governance framework, but develop one. Goal is to eventually over to the “community”, via the “governance process”, in 9 months.

By polling current users. We should also represent people who are not part of the community yet.
